ICICI LBD General Insurance Company has
disclosed its Q3 results.
Let's check out how the
numbers are.  First of all let's talk
about the total income of the company.  So the
total income of the company in this quarter is around Rs
6610 crore.  In the last quarter it was Rs 6582
crore and last year it was Rs 5882 crore.
If we talk quarter wise, the
total income of the company increased by 0.42%.
Only by 0.42%.  If we
talk on year on year basis, the total income of the company has
increased by 17.28% on year on year basis.   Let us
talk about the net premium of the company,
what has it been like
?  So, if we talk about this quarter, the
net premium of the company is Rs 5963 crore.
In the last quarter, their net premium was Rs 5313
crore and last year
their net premium was Rs 584 crore.  If we
talk quarter wise, there has been an increase of about 12.25%.  On
year-on-year basis,
their net premium has
increased by 17.28%.  Ok?  This is about
my income.  Let's talk there.
Next, let's talk about their total operating
profit.  So the
operating profit of the company
in this quarter is around Rs 571 crore.
In the last quarter, it was Rs 752 crore and last
year, operating profit of Rs 685 crore was seen.
If we talk on quarter on quarter
basis, then their operating
profit has declined by about 24%.  If we
talk on year on year basis, then the
operating profit of the company has
seen a downside of 16.68%.
Now let us talk
about the profit and loss of the company.  So the profit of the company
in this quarter is Rs 658
crore.  Their profit in the last quarter of last year was Rs
819 crore.
Last year their profit was Rs 724 crore.
If we compare on quarter on
quarter basis then there has been a
decline of about 19.62%.  And if we look at
their net profit on year-on-year basis, it is
seen to be down by about 9%.  If we
talk about the EPS of the company, then the
EPS of the company which is currently running
in the market is
around ₹13.  The company's EPS is seen to be
₹16.49 in the last quarter and ₹14.63 last year.  If we
talk about the conclusion of the company, then
what is the conclusion which is
on ICICI LBOD.  The December quarter
numbers show a different picture.  The net
premium returns seen have
grown by more than 12% on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  Which shows business growth.
But due to pressure of claims and operating
costs, operating profit
declined by 24% on quarter-on-quarter basis and PAT by about 20%.
Even on year-on-year basis, the profit numbers appear to be a bit
soft.  While top line
growth remains positive.  So
talking about the final verdict, Naturally Slight is
weak.  Business growth is strong.   There
is claims pressure on profitability.
Our concern remains the short term margin.
Friends, this was the
result of ICI LBO for its quarter 3.
Subscribe to our channel to know such results.  Do
n't forget to like and share.